KALI'S ROADMAP

###My Job:
I will be working on the “user” portion of our app. My job is to write client tests primarily, and make sure our server tests keep working. We need to have the ability to post, get, put, delete for the basic user options, including name, username, interests, location (lat), location (long), email, password, user photo, and friends. I’ll also need to make sure there is an attractive front end, but that will come secondary to making sure we have working functionality by Friday.


##TODO:

1. Test to make sure all the boxes are on the page (the invisible one) X
1. One submit button X
1. Test that when you go to the profile page, and you're already logged in as Kali, that it fills in the values for Kali
1. Gravatar for profile pic

##Filling in User Info in order to Test

1. Write a test that ensures the user is logged in
1. When you access the profile page, the profile page is going to make an ajax request to your server for info about the logged in user
  - need to make interests one field, not 3 X
  - fill out get-full-profile-info.json
  - write failing tests for filling in all user info
  - condense tests into new describe
1. Fake response for request being made from step 2
1. At that point you can test - does the box contain the user name? etc


##User Behaviors

- Sign In
- Click CityHackers
- Click Profile
- On profile, expect to exist and be able to edit...
  * name X
  * username X
  * interests X
  * location (lat)
  * location (long)
  * email X
  * password X
  * user photo - jpg with max file size? dimensions?
  * pending friend requests
  * friends

###Questions for Whit

- Can I have one test that checks that each one of the 10 pieces of user data exists?
- And another test that they are editable?
- Do I want special file for profile page tests?
- Am I going to just use a Bootstrap form? I don't want to do the work twice
- Can I cut and paste Bootstrap profile page?

###Nov 4

- Gravatar image, make circular if easy
- Make profile page pretty X
- Make cityhackers page show all people
- don't update pw
- discuss with group backend API for GET users for CityHackers page
- Aestheticize profilekkiger and UserName, Personal Info, Cancel
- MD5 google javascript ember

###Nov 5
- Name, logo, short description 2-3 sentences, gravatar images, get started
- CityHackers page - one image to fill screen, next button?
- Rating for each interest, short bio
- Brainstorm verbiage
- Interests can be active/inactive
- I need to make a grid for CityHackers page. Want photos to fill right and down. Want to be responsive. How many place holder profiles do I need?
- Gravatar image placeholder needs to receive email as entered in Email box and display image
- Read about Bootstrap grids
- Check that there is a place for an image and image has a value
- Can I work with some fake data to make sure it is laying out the stuff on the grid? Will that be like a handlebars input thingy that looks for a css selector? It will do an API GET for profiles...
- let users add URL to profiles
- Everyone gets logged in as user 1, that's not right
- Ask my team if anyone has user listing functionality supported yet, alternatively fake by implementing route for cityHackers and populating with fake user data

- Test that when you are on the landing page, sign up/login in/view cityhackers, etc is appropriate

Make sure when we go to cityHackers it pulls all the users